Steal idea from tendermint: *Problem- what if more than 1/3rd of money is in computers that are powered off?
Instead of selecting signers from everyone who has money, we should only select from people who have given bonds. Bond holders have to pay rent to keep their money in a bond. Easiest way to charge rent is to have a continually shifting exchange rate between bond-money and money. Simultaniously we print more bond-money and give it to people who sign. The exchange rate shift, and the money printing will be connected so that we are neither creating nor destroying value. If they sign, this is profitable. If they fail to sign then it is very un-profitable to keep your money in a bond. People who are bonded will leave their computer on, so they are ready to sign at the right time.
In the sign tx, choose what portion of the bond becomes safety deposit defending that block, and at what price they are willing to sell this deposit for.
At least 2/3rds of bond holders need to sign a block for it to be valid.
Only these signers can give safety deposits. 
Each bond holder who signs on block hieght N gives the same size safety deposit as every other. At most, everyone gives a desposit the same size as the smallest participant's bond. 
Bond holders can unbond instantly, but safety deposits are trapped for a long time.

The block creator has some control over how big this safety deposit is. Total safety deposit is 1.5x as much as the amount of money being spent in that block. The block creator needs to include at least 2/3rds of the bond-holders who can sign. The safety deposit cannot be bigger than the smallest bond, or else the person with the smallest bond cannot afford it. People holding bonds who get selected to be a signer, and then fail to participate, are punished.

If the block creator manages to have much more than 2/3rds of the signatures minimum, then the fee he has to pay gets much smaller.








total money spend in a block needs to be less than the amount bonded in that block.

Instead of storing signatures in each block, only store a max of one signature per address. A signature over a recent block is also a signature over the entire chain, because the block contains a hash of the previous block.

weak subjectivity

Make sure det_random uses default values for skipped heights.


Maybe the blockmaker should be rewarded for each signer he includes. This would disincentivize him from trying to cheat by including less signers.
so say minsigners = 10, maxsigners = 15

say there are 10 signers
reward is 0

11 signers
reward is 20%

12 signers
reward is 40%

Explain all the attack scenarios that you imagined while writing the code, post it on #bitcoin-wizards

minimum amount of money per address (maybe a new tx type for deleting addresses would be useful?)

mini-blockchain proposal

